okay they know you don't trust Boris
anymore so we're gonna put a new face on
it we're going to put a new face in it
and we're going to tell you everything's
going to be fine they're organized
they've got a media strategy
billionaires own the newspapers and
they're going to tell you that
everything's fine everything's going to
get better and why they tell you that
because these guys are getting richer
and richer and richer by taking your
assets so of course they don't want you
to push back they're organized they've
got a media strategy they understand
they need to change the name on the
label every now and again to convince
people that even though things are
getting worse now things are going to
get better well it's a lie you need to
understand these guys are super rich
they have an organized strategy to take
your wealth so keep an eye on your
wealth your family's wealth and your
community's wealth
make sure that instead of that wealth
going to them we're starting to get
wealth back from them and how do we do
it turn off I don't care if his name is
Rishi or Penny or kemi honestly I don't
care none of these guys are going to
help you none of these guys are going to
help you but what it does show is that
these guys are organized